DOC improve the documentation of CNN and OSS (#1025)
scikit-learn-contrib/imbalanced-learn: doc/under_sampling.rst

  >>> print(sorted(Counter(y_resampled).items()))
  [(0, 64), (1, 24), (2, 115)]

:class:`CondensedNearestNeighbour` is sensitive to noise and may add noisy samples
(see figure later on).

One Sided Selection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In an attempt to remove the noisy observations introduced by
:class:`CondensedNearestNeighbour`, :class:`OneSidedSelection`
will first find the observations that are hard to classify, and then will use
:class:`TomekLinks` to remove noisy samples :cite:`hart1968condensed`.
:class:`OneSidedSelection` runs as follows:

1. Get all minority samples in a set :math:`C`.
2. Add a sample from the targeted class (class to be under-sampled) in
   :math:`C` and all other samples of this class in a set :math:`S`.

> 3. Train a 1-KNN on `C`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Train a 1-Nearest Neighbors on `C`.
```

4. Using a 1 nearest neighbor rule trained in 3, classify all samples in
   set :math:`S`.
5. Add all misclassified samples to :math:`C`.
6. Remove Tomek Links from :math:`C`.

> The final dataset is `S`, containing all observations from the minority class,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final dataset is :math:`S`, containing all observations from the minority class,
```

plus the observations from the majority that were added at random, plus all

> those from the majority that were miss-classified by the 1-KNN algorithms. Note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
those from the majority that were miss-classified by the 1-Nearest Neighbors algorithms. Note
```

that differently from :class:`CondensedNearestNeighbour`, :class:`OneSidedSelection`

> does not train a KNN after each sample is missclassified. It uses the one KNN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
does not train a K-Nearet Neighbors after each sample is misclassified. It uses the one K-Nearest Neighbors
```
